Reshaping Contributing docs (#67785)
WordPress/gutenberg: storybook/stories/contributing/contributing-overview.txt

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Contributing/Overview" />

> A design system is never finished. That’s why we invite all designers, developers, and writers from across the world to help improve WPDS. It’s easy to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A design system is never finished. That’s why all designers, developers, and writers from across the world are invited to help improve WPDS. This documentation is designed to help you get started quickly and with confidence. 
```
Used a bit of passive voice in service of inclusive language

> A design system is never finished. That’s why all designers, developers, and writers from across the world are invited to help improve WPDS. This documentation is designed to help you get started quickly and with confidence. 

Reviewer 2: In documentation, let's continue spelling this out for now.

```suggestion
A design system is never finished. That’s why all designers, developers, and writers from across the world are invited to help improve the WordPress Design System. This documentation is designed to help you get started quickly and with confidence. 
```

### **Get connected**

In order to stay up to date on all things design systems at WordPress, join the #design-systems channel on Slack.

> It’s a great place to ask what could be your first contribution, and we’ll be happy to help you make it happen.

Reviewer: Review if this needs to be internal

Also feel free to ask questions, join discussions, or just read along.

> For anything specific to the code implementation of UI components (and the @wordpress/components package), join the #components channel.

Reviewer: Internal maybe

### **Get ready to contribute**

There are a couple of steps before you can start contributing to the design system. You’ll need access to GitHub, for example, where all contributions to our design system are started, followed, and finished.

<Link story="Contributing/Get Ready to Contribute">Follow our guide to get ready to contribute</Link>

**How can you contribute?**

> We’re open to all kinds of contributions, no matter how big or small. Below you’ll find some ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're encouraged to make all kinds of contributions, no matter how big or small. Below you’ll find some ideas.
```
